Update documentation (#52)
oskariorg/oskari-documentation: 7 Operating instructions/00080-HowToUseABundle.md

### How to use a bundle

> A bundle is a component in an Oskari application. A bundle is a selection of [Oskari classes](00100-HowToUseClasses.md) which form a component that offers additional functionality for an application. A bundle can offer multiple implementations for a functionality which can then be divided into smaller packages for different application setups. Packages can be used to offer a multiple views for the same functionality - for example search functionality as a small on-map textfield or a window-like UI (see Tile/Flyout) for the same functionality. For a short introduction see [create your own bundle](../8%20Developing%20instructions/00120-HowToCreateABundle.md).

Reviewer: Should we use module instead of component here? Added some other changes to the text as well
```suggestion
A bundle is a pluggable module in an Oskari application. A bundle is a selection of implementing JavaScript files that can include for example [Oskari classes](00100-HowToUseClasses.md) that as a whole form a module that offers additional functionality for an application. A bundle can offer multiple implementations for a functionality which can then be divided into smaller packages for different application setups. Packages can be used to offer a multiple views for the same functionality - for example search functionality as a small on-map textfield or a window-like UI (see Tile/Flyout) for the same functionality. For a short introduction see [create your own bundle](../8%20Developing%20instructions/00120-HowToCreateABundle.md).
```

Author: Much, much better. Thanks!

#### Directory structure

> See [here](../2%20Application%20environment/00040-DirectoryStructure.md)) for info about directory structure and conventions.

Reviewer: We now use folder and directory as terms. Maybe we should pick one and stick to it.

Author: Wikipedia is not a reliable source per se, but I've understood the difference between the terms as mentioned there:
"If one is referring to a container of documents, the term folder is more appropriate. The term directory refers to the way a structured list of document files and folders is stored on the computer. "

Thus I'd say that in this very context directory is a appropriate term, whereas in other contexts folder is more suitable.

#### Implementation

> Bundle's implementation files should be located under the `/bundles` folder. If the bundle has a BundleInstance (ie. something that is started/instantiated when the bundle is played) it is usually defined in a file called `instance.js`, but this is not enforced and any file referenced in bundle definition (`bundle.js`) can be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In oskari-frontend the implementations for bundles are be located under the `/bundles` folder. It's followed by a namespacing folder and a folder (usually) matching the bundle id. If the bundle has a BundleInstance (ie. something that is started/instantiated when the bundle is "played"/started) it is usually defined in a file called `instance.js`, but this is not enforced and any file referenced in bundle definition (`bundle.js`) can be used. 
```

#### Definition

> The bundle definition (or package) should be located in `bundle.js` file under the `/packages` folder. The bundle package definition should not implement any actual functionality. It should only declare the JavaScript, CSS and localization resources (= files) and metadata (if any). If the bundle package can be instantiated the package's `create` method should create the bundle's instance. 

Reviewer: "The bundle definition (or package) should be located in `bundle.js` file under the `/packages` folder". This is not always true anymore and this might change in a very near future. However, for now I think this might be accurate enough.

Reviewer: Also, any CSS and most of Javascript can be imported now on for example the instance.js. The `bundle.js` file is currently mostly used for picking what the files that need to be imported when a bundle with certain id is being used in the app AND the way to include and split localization files when the application is built.

Author: Updated this part for now combining these two different perspectives. When the very near future arrives and this needs revising, will do further fixes.
